[docs] add test case to markdown in July (#865)
kubean-io/kubean: docs/overrides/test/testcase_details/create_cluster.md

    5. Traverse and login to each master node to check which vip is in effect
    6. shutdown the node where vip is located
    7. Login with kube-vip ip address and check that vip has drifted to a node that is not powered off

### cluster master node scale

> 1 Create a working cluster of 1 master node
> 2 Add in a master node
> Check that:
>     a. node is installed successfully 
>     b. k8s components are running correctly (including etcd)
>     c. Create nginx application running correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a working cluster of 1 master node
2. Add in a master node and check:
    1. node is installed successfully 
    2. k8s components are running correctly (including etcd)
    3. Create nginx application running correctly
```
